# *Automating Your Automation: The Care and Feeding of Jenkins*
This directory contains slides from the *Automating Your Automation: The Care and Feeding of Jenkins* session at [CodeMash 2020](http://www.codemash.org/) by [Jeff McKenzie](http://www.codemash.org/speaker-details/?id=b912632d-9770-4a0c-a028-9ec5c9a2e023) on January 9, 2020:

[JenkinsAutomatingYourAutomation_JeffMcKenzie_CodeMash2020_2020-01-09.pdf](https://github.com/mcknz/CodeMash-2020/JenkinsAutomatingYourAutomation/JenkinsAutomatingYourAutomation_JeffMcKenzie_CodeMash2020_2020-01-09.pdf)

## CodeMash
CodeMash is a unique event that educates developers on current practices, methodologies and technology trends in variety of platforms and development languages such as Java, .NET, Ruby and PHP. Held every January at the lush Kalahari Resort in Sandusky, Ohio, attendees will be able to attend a world-class technical conference amid Ohio’s largest indoor waterpark.

## Abstract
If you’re like 70% of continuous integration and delivery users out there, you’re using Jenkins, the powerful and popular automation server. Jenkins runs on many different operating systems, and can build and deploy applications in a variety of languages, across many different platforms. Almost no matter where you are in your automation maturity, there’s always another level to reach: if you’re using the basic point-and-click of freestyle jobs, you can move to the scripted context of pipelines. Once you’ve explored pipelines, you can learn to leverage shared global libraries to promote code reuse across multiple pipelines. In this session, you’ll learn basics about Jenkins, specific use cases for different job types, and how best to manage your automation as it grows from one job, to ten, to one hundred. Finally, you’ll learn how to create your entire Jenkins job collection from scratch, at the push of a button.

## Bio
Jeff McKenzie has worked in software development for nearly twenty years, in both freelance and full-time capacities, as a developer and team leader. He enjoys helping others solve problems through technology, whether it's the small business getting on the web for the first time, or a Fortune 500 company expanding its enterprise. Although he started his career using BASIC on an Atari 800, he took a big detour, getting Biology and English degrees before rediscovering programming, with a new thing called the World Wide Web. He is currently Architect at Insight Digital Innovation (formerly Cardinal Solutions) in Columbus Ohio.